	The objective of this analysis was to determine whether popularity of subway stations had any correlation to the number of Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts locations located within a certain radius of the station.I used data from the MTA website to determine what the popularity rankings for each subway station is, and I used data from NYC data to determine what the latitude and longitude points were for each station.
	The findings suggested that though not so strongly correlated as one might think, there is a connection between the ridership of a subway station and the number of restaurant locations which are near the station. It seems as though the less popular stations have almost no restaurants near them, while there is a greater chance that the more popular locations will have a greater number of locations near them. Though the data doesn’t fit perfectly, as there are stations that are more popular which have no restaurants near them, and there are less popular stations that may have a disproportionate amount of restaurant locations near them, there is a weak trend which can be seen in the data. The less popular the station, the less of a chance that there will be many restaurant locations near the station. There are, however, outliers which do not fit the trend at all. There are stations which are between 200 and 300 in terms of popularity and they have high numbers of restaurants near them, which doesn't fit the trend so well.  
	It seems as though there are more Dunkin Donuts locations in general, so the higher ranked stations have more Dunkin Donuts locations that Starbucks locations. It's interesting that the lower-ranked stations tend to have at least 1 Starbucks location nearby, but not necessarily a Dunkin Donuts location. Dunkin Donuts seems to focus more on the more popular stations, while Starbucks do tend to have more near more popular stations, but also try to spread out to be near less popular locations as well. 
	I would expand the project, first of all, by trying to match more of the stations by their names between the subway ridership chart which was scraped from the MTA website and the subway entrance locations which had latitude and longitude of each station. Another thing I would do is, instead of checking the subway station as a whole, I would check each entrance for each station to get more precise results, and be able to compare subway entrances for each stations as well, not just between the stations. I would also add other store chains; maybe Duane Reade, or Walgreens and compare the number in range of a certain radii of those to the number in range for the coffee chains. It might also be interesting to expand the project from just looking at subway entrances, and looking at the more popular areas for business offices and determine whether there are more coffee shops in the more popular areas of the city. 
